doc(web): update Wasm status page links and FAQ conditional imports (#13622)
flutter/website: sites/docs/src/content/platform-integration/web/wasm.md

- [`package:web`][], which replaces `dart:html` (and other web libraries)
- [`dart:js_interop`][], which replaces `package:js` and `dart:js`

> For a detailed guide on migrating existing code, see the [`package:web` migration guide][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a detailed guide on migrating existing code,
see the [`package:web` migration guide][].
```

Author: Done. Added link to the canonical package:web migration guide and wrapped lines.

> When compiling to Wasm, be aware of runtime differences in JS interop types (such as `is`/`as` type casts and Zone propagation in callbacks). For details, see Dart's [JS interop types documentation]({{site.dart-site}}/interop/js-interop/js-types#compatibility-type-checks-and-casts) and the [package:web Zones section]({{site.dart-site}}/interop/js-interop/package-web#zones).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When compiling to Wasm, be aware of runtime differences
in JS interop types (such as `is`/`as` type casts
and Zone propagation in callbacks).
For details, check out Dart's
[JS interop types documentation]({{site.dart-site}}/interop/js-interop/js-types#compatibility-type-checks-and-casts)
and the [package:web Zones section]({{site.dart-site}}/interop/js-interop/package-web#zones).
```

Author: Done. Added notes and links regarding type casts and Zone callback propagation in Wasm.
